Docs: `build.jobs` reference documentation (#9056)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/config-file/v2.rst

   When possible avoid installing Python packages using apt (``python3-numpy`` for example),
   :ref:`use pip or Conda instead <guides/reproducible-builds:pinning dependencies>`.

build.jobs
``````````

> Bash commands to be run before or after a Read the Docs pre-defined job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shell commands to be run before or after a Read the Docs pre-defined job.
```

Reviewer: Or I suppose even just "Commands", "shell" is probably redundant.

Author: Cool, I thought we were calling `/bin/bash -c` but I just saw we are doing `/bin/sh -c`.

https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/blob/052f891dbab6b21a5bbdf4570fb149a0adef1581/readthedocs/doc_builder/environments.py#L364

> Commands to be run before or after a Read the Docs pre-defined job.
> This allows you to run custom commands at a particular moment in the build process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Commands to be run before or after a Read the Docs pre-defined build step.
This allows you to run custom commands at various times in the build process.

A few common use cases for this area:

* Modifying the state of the checkout of your repository
* Stopping a build by returning a non-zero exit code on certain conditions 
* Running a command to process generate markup files prior to building
```

Thinking more about this, we probably need to define this feature a lot more explicitly in the docs somewhere, particularly around exit codes.

Author: I didn't mention use cases here because none of the other config keys do that. Instead, I suggested writing a guide explaining what are the known use cases we have already and expanding on each of them clearly.

I see this page as reference documentation that only explains what are the possible/valid config keys and values of each of them, but it does not talk about use cases. I'd include the link to that guide page here once we write it, tho, as we do with `build.tools.python` and the Conda Support link (https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html#build-tools-python)

What do you think?

.. code-block:: yaml

   version: 2

   build:

>      os: ubuntu-22.04

Author: This one, in particular, is not _required_ to be a string. However, we can declare it as it. We should change the other one as well where I copied it from https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html#build

     tools:
       python: "3.10"
     jobs:
       pre_create_environment:
         - echo "Command run at 'pre_create_environment' step"
       post_build:
         - echo "Command run at 'post_build' step"
         - echo `date`

.. note::

>    Each key under ``build.jobs`` must be a list of strings.

Reviewer 2: I don't really know what this means. Can we communicate it more explicitly somehow? What else would users try to do here, that might be wrong?

Author: I'm trying to avoid users writing something like

```yaml
build:
  jobs:
    post_install: pip install mypackage
```

when it should be 

```yaml
build:
  jobs:
    post_install: 
      - pip install mypackage
```
